.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, before:

## Related Issue

Closes #

## Description

<!-- Briefly describe what this PR does and why -->

### Changelog

**New**

<!-- List new features or additions. Remove if not applicable. -->

**Changed**

<!-- List modifications to existing functionality. Remove if not applicable. -->

**Removed**

<!-- List removed features or code. Remove if not applicable. -->

## Type of Change

- [ ] Bug fix
- [ ] New feature
- [ ] Breaking change
- [ ] Performance improvement
- [ ] Documentation update
- [ ] Refactoring
- [ ] CI/CD or build configuration

## Testing / Reviewing

<!-- Describe how reviewers can verify your changes -->

## Checklist

- [ ] I have reviewed every line of the diff
- [ ] My code follows the project's [coding standards](.github/CONTRIBUTING.md#coding-standards)
- [ ] `npm run lint` passes with no issues
- [ ] Tests are added/updated for the changes
- [ ] All tests pass (`npm run test`)
- [ ] Library builds successfully (`npm run build:lib`)
- [ ] Accessibility verified (WCAG 2.1 AA)
- [ ] Cross-browser tested (Chrome, Firefox, Safari, Edge) for UI changes
- [ ] Storybook story added or updated (if applicable)
- [ ] Documentation updated (if applicable)

## Screenshots

<!-- Add screenshots for UI changes. Remove if not applicable. -->

Commit message:

ci: Added DCO workflow and updated contribution md (#20)
* ci: Added DCO workflow and updated contribution md

* chore: fixed vulnerability issue and corrected DCO version

* chore: corrected DCO version

* chore: updated dco as like carbon

---------

Co-authored-by: JayaSamuthra <samuthra@sackbill.com>

.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, after:

## Related Issue

Closes #

## Description

<!-- Briefly describe what this PR does and why -->

### Changelog

**New**

<!-- List new features or additions. Remove if not applicable. -->

**Changed**

<!-- List modifications to existing functionality. Remove if not applicable. -->

**Removed**

<!-- List removed features or code. Remove if not applicable. -->

## Type of Change

- [ ] Bug fix
- [ ] New feature
- [ ] Breaking change
- [ ] Performance improvement
- [ ] Documentation update
- [ ] Refactoring
- [ ] CI/CD or build configuration

## Testing / Reviewing

<!-- Describe how reviewers can verify your changes -->

## Checklist

- [ ] I have reviewed every line of the diff
- [ ] My code follows the project's [coding standards](.github/CONTRIBUTING.md#coding-standards)
- [ ] `npm run lint` passes with no issues
- [ ] Tests are added/updated for the changes
- [ ] All tests pass (`npm run test`)
- [ ] Library builds successfully (`npm run build:lib`)
- [ ] Accessibility verified (WCAG 2.1 AA)
- [ ] Cross-browser tested (Chrome, Firefox, Safari, Edge) for UI changes
- [ ] Storybook story added or updated (if applicable)
- [ ] Documentation updated (if applicable)

## Developer Certificate of Origin

By submitting this pull request, I certify that my contribution is made under the terms of the [Developer Certificate of Origin](https://developercertificate.org/).

<!-- If the DCO bot prompts you, add a comment: "I have read the DCO document and I hereby sign the DCO." -->

## Screenshots

<!-- Add screenshots for UI changes. Remove if not applicable. -->
